stratio-sources/stratio-rest-source/README.md, before:

Stratio REST Source
==============================

A Flume source that make a request to a REST service.

Available config parameters:

- url: target URL request. Required.
- method: Method type. Default: GET.
- applicationType: Application Type. Default: JSON. Possible values: TEXT, JSON.
- frequency: Frequency to send request to the url in seconds. Default: 10.
- headers: Headers json. e.g.: { Accept-Charset: utf-8, Date: Tue,15 Nov 1994 08:12:31 GMT} Default: "".
- body: Body for post request. Default: "".

This source will send a request to url target every 'frequency' seconds, retrieve the response and put it into its flume channel.

Sample Flume config
-------------------

The following file describes an example configuration of a flume agent that request metrics from flume web server and log them using a memory channel.

```
# Name the components on this agent
agent.sources = requestMetrics
agent.sinks = logSink
agent.channels = c1

# Describe the source
agent.sources.requestMetrics.type=com.stratio.ingestion.source.rest.RestSource
agent.sources.requestMetrics.url=http://localhost:34545/metrics
agent.sources.requestMetrics.method=GET
agent.sources.requestMetrics.applicationType=JSON
agent.sources.requestMetrics.frequency=10


# Describe the sink
agent.sinks.logSink.type = logger

# Use a channel which buffers events in file
agent.channels.c1.type = memory 

# Bind the source and sink to the channel
agent.sources.requestMetrics.channels = c1
agent.sinks.logSink.channel = c1
```

Building Stratio REST Source
-------------------------------

The source is built using Maven:

mvn clean package

Run example
-------------------------------

Copy .jar resuling from package and run agent on flume

bin/flume-ng agent --conf conf/ -f agent.conf -n agent -Dflume.monitoring.type=http -Dflume.monitoring.port=34545

Commit message:

chore: complete readme file with new http response properties

stratio-sources/stratio-rest-source/README.md, after:

Stratio REST Source
==============================

A Flume source that make a request to a REST service.

Available config parameters:

- url: target URL request. Required.
- method: Method type. Default: GET.
- applicationType: Application Type. Default: JSON. Possible values: TEXT, JSON.
- frequency: Frequency to send request to the url in seconds. Default: 10.
- headers: Headers json. e.g.: { Accept-Charset: utf-8, Date: Tue,15 Nov 1994 08:12:31 GMT} Default: "".
- body: Body for post request. Default: "".
- handler: Handlder implementation classname. This handler will transform the rest service response into one, or many,
events. Default: "com.stratio.ingestion.source.rest.handler.DefaultRestSourceHandler".
- jsonPath: field path from which we want recovery the response data. Default: "".

This source will send a request to url target every 'frequency' seconds, retrieve the response and put it into its flume channel.

Sample Flume config
-------------------

The following file describes an example configuration of a flume agent that request metrics from flume web server and log them using a memory channel.

```
# Name the components on this agent
agent.sources = requestMetrics
agent.sinks = logSink
agent.channels = c1

# Describe the source
agent.sources.requestMetrics.type=com.stratio.ingestion.source.rest.RestSource
agent.sources.requestMetrics.url=http://localhost:34545/metrics
agent.sources.requestMetrics.method=GET
agent.sources.requestMetrics.applicationType=JSON
agent.sources.requestMetrics.frequency=10


# Describe the sink
agent.sinks.logSink.type = logger

# Use a channel which buffers events in file
agent.channels.c1.type = memory 

# Bind the source and sink to the channel
agent.sources.requestMetrics.channels = c1
agent.sinks.logSink.channel = c1
```

Building Stratio REST Source
-------------------------------

The source is built using Maven:

mvn clean package

Run example
-------------------------------

Copy .jar resuling from package and run agent on flume

bin/flume-ng agent --conf conf/ -f agent.conf -n agent -Dflume.monitoring.type=http -Dflume.monitoring.port=34545
