stratio-sinks/stratio-cassandra-sink/README.md, before:

Stratio Cassandra Sink
=======================

The Cassandra Sink component allows to save Flume-flow events into Cassandra.
It tries to find the defined fields in the event's headers. If a "data" field is defined, it will take the body's event instead of a header.

Configuration
=============

The available config parameters are:

- tables: One or more table names separated with commas. Table names must be fully qualified with keyspace (e.g. keyspace1.table1,keyspace2.table2) (Mandatory)

- hosts: A comma-separated list of Cassandra hosts. It is recommended to specify at least two host of the cluster. The result of the cluster will be auto-discovered. (Default: localhost:9042)

- username: Database user. (Optional)

- password: Database password. (Optional)

- batchSize: The size to batch insert statement. We recommend 100 as an optimum value to this property. Please do not forget increase the channel.capacity property on your channel component over the sink.batchSize property. (Default: 100)

- consistency: The consistency level for this insert. Default value are QUORUM, available options are described here: [Cassandra data consistency](http://www.datastax.com/documentation/cassandra/2.0/cassandra/dml/dml_config_consistency_c.html) (Default: QUORUM)

- cqlFile: Path to a CQL file with initialization statements such as keyspace and table creation. (Optional)

Sample Complete-flow Flume config
=================================

The following file describes an example configuration of an flume agent that use a [Spooling directory source](http://flume.apache.org/FlumeUserGuide.html#spooling-directory-source), a [File channel](http://flume.apache.org/FlumeUserGuide.html#file-channel) and our Cassandra-Sink

``` 
    # Name the components on this agent
    agent.sources = spoolSource
    agent.sinks = cassandraSink
    agent.channels = fileChannel

    # Describe/configure the source
    agent.sources.spoolSource.type = spoolDir
    agent.sources.spoolSource.spoolDir = /home/flume/data/files/

    # Describe the sink
    agent.sinks.cassandraSink.hosts=host1:9000,host2,192.168.1.2:9042
    agent.sinks.cassandraSink.type=com.stratio.ingestion.sink.cassandra.CassandraSink
    agent.sinks.cassandraSink.tables=keyspaceTest.tableTest

    # Use a channel which buffers events in file
    agent.channels=fileChannel
    agent.channels.fileChannel.type = file
    agent.channels.fileChannel.checkpointDir=/home/user/flume/channel/check/
    agent.channels.fileChannel.dataDirs=/home/user/flume/channel/data/
    # Please, remember, this value must be greater than sink.batchSize value.
    agent.channels.fileChannel.transactionCapacity=10000

    # Bind the source and sink to the channel
    agent.sources.spoolSource.channels=fileChannel
    agent.sinks.cassandraSink.channel=fileChannel
```

Commit message:

Add support for ignore case

stratio-sinks/stratio-cassandra-sink/README.md, after:

Stratio Cassandra Sink
=======================

The Cassandra Sink component allows to save Flume-flow events into Cassandra.
It tries to find the defined fields in the event's headers. If a "data" field is defined, it will take the body's event instead of a header.

Configuration
=============

The available config parameters are:

- tables: One or more table names separated with commas. Table names must be fully qualified with keyspace (e.g. keyspace1.table1,keyspace2.table2) (Mandatory)

- hosts: A comma-separated list of Cassandra hosts. It is recommended to specify at least two host of the cluster. The result of the cluster will be auto-discovered. (Default: localhost:9042)

- username: Database user. (Optional)

- password: Database password. (Optional)

- batchSize: The size to batch insert statement. We recommend 100 as an optimum value to this property. Please do not forget increase the channel.capacity property on your channel component over the sink.batchSize property. (Default: 100)

- consistency: The consistency level for this insert. Default value are QUORUM, available options are described here: [Cassandra data consistency](http://www.datastax.com/documentation/cassandra/2.0/cassandra/dml/dml_config_consistency_c.html) (Default: QUORUM)

- cqlFile: Path to a CQL file with initialization statements such as keyspace and table creation. (Optional)

- ignoreCase (true|false): match the event columns and table columns ignoring case. It has worst performance so it's recommended to use lower case in event headers if possible (Cassandra returns column names in lower case). (Default: false). 

Sample Complete-flow Flume config
=================================

The following file describes an example configuration of an flume agent that use a [Spooling directory source](http://flume.apache.org/FlumeUserGuide.html#spooling-directory-source), a [File channel](http://flume.apache.org/FlumeUserGuide.html#file-channel) and our Cassandra-Sink

``` 
    # Name the components on this agent
    agent.sources = spoolSource
    agent.sinks = cassandraSink
    agent.channels = fileChannel

    # Describe/configure the source
    agent.sources.spoolSource.type = spoolDir
    agent.sources.spoolSource.spoolDir = /home/flume/data/files/

    # Describe the sink
    agent.sinks.cassandraSink.hosts=host1:9000,host2,192.168.1.2:9042
    agent.sinks.cassandraSink.type=com.stratio.ingestion.sink.cassandra.CassandraSink
    agent.sinks.cassandraSink.tables=keyspaceTest.tableTest

    # Use a channel which buffers events in file
    agent.channels=fileChannel
    agent.channels.fileChannel.type = file
    agent.channels.fileChannel.checkpointDir=/home/user/flume/channel/check/
    agent.channels.fileChannel.dataDirs=/home/user/flume/channel/data/
    # Please, remember, this value must be greater than sink.batchSize value.
    agent.channels.fileChannel.transactionCapacity=10000

    # Bind the source and sink to the channel
    agent.sources.spoolSource.channels=fileChannel
    agent.sinks.cassandraSink.channel=fileChannel
```
